feat: add `formatting_func` support for TextClassification (#3599)
recognai/rubrix: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]()

### Added

> - Added `formatting_func` to `ArgillaTrainer` for customizing the formatting of the data ([#3540](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/3540)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `formatting_func` to `ArgillaTrainer` for `FeedbackDataset` datasets add a custom formatting for the data ([#3599](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/3599)).
```
